---
title: Automated Security Configuration and Compliance of Containerized Infrastructure
subtitle: Application
layout: default
modal-id: 4
date: 13/12/2021
img: container.jpg
thumbnail: container-thumbnail.png
alt: image-alt
project-date: March 2022
client: Start Bootstrap
category: Analytics and Intelligence
---

# Overview

Containers become increasingly popular as a virtualization technology to build softwarized infrastructures. A container includes an application and its dependencies such as code, libraries, and configuration files to support a target application. Thus, containers promote modularity and reproducibility, two of the reasons for making containers popular.

Security is a critical consideration while adopting containerization. Several survey results among software professionals indicated security as the top-concern in establishing a reliable container environment.

In this project, we leverage various automated approaches to develop tools and techniques to better understand the developers’ viewpoint on security while adopting container technologies. We study a large volume of container-related data in open source software repositories (GitHub), Question/Answering Platforms (Stack Overflow, Docker Forum) as well as container image repositories (Docker Hub) to find and analyse the security issues.

This research will help container developers and researchers to understand container security requirements, provide a broad view of possible security attacks and their countermeasures.

# Publications

- [Well Begun is Half Done: An Empirical Study of Exploitability & Impact of Base-Image Vulnerabilities. 2021.](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12597.pdf)  
- [KGSecConfig: A Knowledge Graph Based Approach for Secured Container Orchestrator Configuration. 2021.](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12595.pdf)  
- [Challenges in docker development: A large-scale study using stack overflow. 2020.](https://dl.acm.org/doi/pdf/10.1145/3382494.3410693)  

# Team Members

- Mubin Ul Haque
